Updated documentation of inequalities (#23917)
sympy/sympy: doc/src/modules/solvers/inequalities.rst

Inequality Solvers
==================

> For general cases the reduce_equalities function should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For general cases :func:`~.reduce_equalities` should be used.
```

Just adding a link to the cited function, so visitors can jump directly to it.

> Other functions are the subcategories useful for special dedicated operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other functions are the subcategories useful for special dedicated operations, and will be called internally as needed by ``reduce_equalities``.
```
